---
layout: post
title:  "pitrery 2.0 released"
date:   2017-12-04 13:00:00
categories: news release
---

pitrery is a set of Bash scripts to manage PITR backups for PostgreSQL.

pitrery automates Continuous Archiving and Point-in-Time Recovery
(PITR) as much as possible with the following goals:

* Handle only PITR. log-shipping and replication are out of scope
* Be as minimally intrusive as possible for archiving

It is free software licensed under the PostgreSQL License and works
with all supported versions of PostgreSQL.

This is a major release, including the following changes:

* Gather all actions into the main script. This makes pitrery work
  out of the box.

* Remove command line options to specify if the backup is local, the
  user, host and target directory. Now we use a SSH style syntax
  ([[user@]host:]/path) for destination directories local or on the
  network.

* Rename the default configuration file from `pitr.conf` to
  `pitrery.conf`, just to be more consistent.

* Remove the BACKUP_LABEL option, subdirectory and -l switch. The
  intended feature was not used and caused more confusion than it
  helped.

* Add support for PostgreSQL 10.


Users of versions 1.x must be careful when upgrading:

* The backups are compatible between 1.x and 2.x, only the
  configuration and usage changes.

* The contents of BACKUP_LABEL shall be put as last component of
  BACKUP_DIR

* BACKUP_HOST and ARCHIVE_HOST shall be left empty to configure a
  local backup or local WAL archiving.

* Calls to actions of pitrery with -L, -b, -u will no longer work, see
  the help for each action.

* Please check and validate the upgrade of your configuration with the
  list and check actions.

Feedback & contributions are welcome.

pitrery is sponsored by Dalibo, the leading PostgreSQL company in
France, providing support, trainings and consulting to its customers
since 2005. The company contributes to the PostgreSQL community in
various ways, including: code, articles, translations, free
conferences and workshops

Check out DALIBO's open source projects at http://dalibo.github.io


The release is available in the [downloads] page. See the [upgrade]
page for more information.

[downloads]: {{ site.baseurl }}/downloads.html
[upgrade]: {{ site.baseurl }}/upgrade.html

