---
layout: post
title:  "pitrery 2.1 released"
date:   2018-03-31 20:00:00
categories: news release
---

pitrery is a set of Bash scripts to manage PITR backups for PostgreSQL.

pitrery automates Continuous Archiving and Point-in-Time Recovery
(PITR) as much as possible with the following goals:

* Handle only PITR. log-shipping and replication are out of scope
* Be as minimally intrusive as possible for archiving

It is free software licensed under the PostgreSQL License and works
with all supported versions of PostgreSQL.

This new version adds some new features and improvements:

* Restrict permissions of backup directories to the user that created them

* Add options to the check action to verify backup policy and archived
  WAL files, optionnaly usable with Nagios

* Add RSYNC_WHOLEFILE and RSYNC_BWLIMIT configuration options to tweak
  the behaviour of rsync when performing base backups.

* Some bugfixes

Feedback & contributions are welcome.

pitrery is sponsored by Dalibo, the leading PostgreSQL company in
France, providing support, trainings and consulting to its customers
since 2005. The company contributes to the PostgreSQL community in
various ways, including: code, articles, translations, free
conferences and workshops

Check out DALIBO's open source projects at http://dalibo.github.io


The release is available in the [downloads] page. See the [upgrade]
page for more information.

[downloads]: {{ site.baseurl }}/downloads.html
[upgrade]: {{ site.baseurl }}/upgrade.html

